This is your pilot speaking. Please prepare for BLANK.
I will be thrilled if I neber have to be a part of BLANK again.
Without Christians, we would never know BLANK.
What will immediately put me in a foul mood?
A miracle cure is BLANK.
What is the key to all happiness?
The BLANK club was the most popular in my high school.
What is the secret ingredient in barbecue sause?
BLANK would only happen in my worst nightmares.
I knew we would be friends when I found out they had BLANK.
Grandma always gives us BLANK when we visit.
BLANK is all the same to me.
To have all ny dreans come true, I first need to BLANK.
The best activity to do while camping is BLANK.
My most memorable day involved BLANK.
My ideal spouse is BLANK.
I tied to soothe an angry cat with BLAN. I failed.
At the city council meeting this month, we will talk about BLANK.
What is the first item on my resume?
I was going to go to college, but BLANK got in the way.
What new year's resolution have I failed at 4 years in a row?
My bedroom smells like BLANK.
The Lord said, "Let there be BLANK."
What was Moses's greatest miracle?
BLANK: it just keeps going, and going, and going...
What do you use to calm a screaming toddler?
What's tje forst thing I would do after winning the Mega Millions?
BLANK. That is my life goal.
My worst date ever involved BLANK.
I never worked harder in my life to get BLANK.
What gets out of hand absurdly fast?
The hottest new Broadway show of the year: BLANK: The Musical.
The sight of BLANK always makes me cry like a small child.
The Seven Dwarfs' awkward cousin: BLANK.
In my last will and testament, I will leave all my money to BLANK.
One of the best things about Friday night is BLANK.
BLANK: Keep out of reach of children.
What am I famous for?
What will you always find at a Republicn gathering?
I introduce myself to strangers by telling them about BLANK.
What brought me and my spouse together?
BLANK is the best way to avoid volunteering for the PTA.
During work, my mind usually wanders to BLANK.
What's my go-to excuse when a weirdo asks me out?
60 Minutes is having a 3-hour segment on BLANK.
Waht did Santa Clause bring you last year?
I have never expected to get BLANK when I became a Jedi.
The last thing I want to show up on my doorstep on a Friday night is BLANK.
I can never have too much of BLANK.
I am responsible for BLANK.
Though some perople think it's shameful or embarrassing, I would never apologize for BLANK.
BLANK is just showing off.
Never let Boy Scouts be in charge of BLANK.
Without BLANK, the world would be at peace and full of joy and love.
The very definition of dread: BLANK.
I got bit by a radioactive spider and gained BLANK.
I don't know one person who doesn't love BLANK.
Let's address the huge elephant in the room: BLANK.
They said I would find a fun suprise in the cereal box. Instead I found BLANK.
My high school teacher lied to me about BLANK.
When I ran into an old friend and they asked me what I was up to, the first thing that popped out of my mouth was BLANK.
I can only get through my day with BLANK.
It is a truth universally acknowledged that BLANK brings happiness.
A CLUE mystery revealed: Miss Scarlet, with a BLANK.
I always keep BLANK in my car.
I never want to see BLANK again.
Spending time with BLANK makes me happy.
The little-known eight deadly sin: BLANK.
The worst thing to wake up toon a Saturday morning is BLANK.
You are 90% more likely to suffer from emotional trauma wehn exposed to BLANK.
What is the secret to my heart?
It's time for me to share my story. I will call it, BLANK: A Memoir.
When I die, I hope heaven will have BLANK.
Never go to church without BLANK.
What I would win the Noble Peace Prize for.
Tonight the President of the United States will reveal his stance on BLANK.
What is something that you cannot un-see?